I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where are you from
?  exactly
what was under Nicholas in all your
ancestors under Nicholas who were
I can’t say for sure I wasn’t interested in the
pedigree just before such such centuries
I think that they were some kind of
serfs so
I won’t argue and I won’t refute
your statement Let’s So most
likely what if  if you weren’t nobles,
you would already have information about this, it’s
true
Well, it’s true, but I don’t rule out the fact
that it could have been lost correctly, don’t
want it if you like it So what
happened under the empire don’t you want to
return this system The serfs
were even  fixed This is the essence of
imperialism, it was also the
essence of it Yes, but everything
suits me at the moment, the way
we live now suits you How alive
yes, but you want the Empire, you decide somehow I don’t want the Empire I like the aesthetics of the empire, but I didn’t say that I want imperial Russia to return with whips in those days It was, roughly speaking, normal because all countries were of the same type in management Well, as in those times, for example, in England there was no serfdom Why, because it was abolished earlier If I'm not mistaken, remember this Magna Carta even when a long time ago there, that is, there were completely different relations in Europe The Great French Revolution Yes, too, And you, that is the whole of Europe, on the contrary, threw off the oculus of this kind of serfdom, before there was also no serfdom, then then it was carried out, that is, well, because emperors and Kings became yes, that is, look before the emperor Yes, there were no people lived there in Rus' They didn’t have serfdom True, well, there was no serfdom, but there was also an emperor and the Tsar there were no fortresses, then over the centuries it was consolidated, it turns out that the Empire made any  act as
slaves and now you like this aesthetics
Everyone has their own tastes right cool
masochist likes That people were beaten Not well,
I’m not quite, but by the way, for now you
’re just more or less adequate in
conversation because I talked with you and
tried to communicate with your
big litters  Yes, they sent me a little [ __ ],
that’s exactly the question, the majority
shouts out the phrase Glory to Ukraine, it
’s somewhere you’re campaigning if it’s you yourself,
roughly speaking, this is the first time I hear,
but in fact, it’s rare to sit a lot,
I don’t say that it’s exactly in your
country that way  to say it’s campaigning like that,
I mean that a lot of
people like this have never even heard of,
maybe I’ll go under Russia
And what does this mean
as a Ukrainian person
You yourself are interesting, I’ll see if there
really is
something else they wanted to ask No, it’s like there are no
more questions, but here
why do you
come out?  but I communicate with
Ukrainians, but I’m trying to establish the
right conversations and ask exactly from
their words what is like with them there, because
the news media also don’t show us
everything. But
it’s interesting,
but the initiative was accepted by
Russia.  they don’t deny
it means Russia is to blame for the attack on
Ukraine Well, you can say so what
questions do you have What do you want to hear from the Ukrainians
I can’t understand
I want to hear
more from those sides that are at the
front, that is, sometimes they come across
exactly who is from the front there
like So what do you want you understand
that your country attacked my country You
go to chat roulette choose people
from my country You know that your country
attacked my country What do you want to
hear Ukrainians
What is happening at the front At the
moment they are shooting bombing killing Well it
it’s
clear what if you understand what you want to
hear from them
here Imagine Let’s simulate I
’m sitting here  Good afternoon, I’m like, here’s a soldier
What’s going on at the front, I’m saying it’s shooting,
but I’m interested in Mirny Lada, that
is, whether they are rich, there aren’t
shellings of any kind, they don’t
answer me already people at that time that
there’s no Type everything is quiet calmly like
or strongly  they’re bombing that I can’t understand this for you.
Here is a war on the front today quietly tomorrow
strongly then again quietly that what will
give you this information but personally nothing
but it’s just for my particular
interest, that is, so if it
doesn’t give anything, well, it makes sense  Well, why can’t I
ask? I want to understand your
internal reasons, they are simply there or
you can’t understand them or you
can’t voice them, but they are somewhere, everything
that we do, it moves us something from the
middle
if but nothing  gives no moral
satisfaction to this information so we
use the meaning of something wrong, you don’t
ask them, for example, that you had
a weather forecast on TV, it’s true,
but then
that’s something I’m like  a psychologist like me,
I always want to get to the bottom of the reason why did
you choose
you choose you want to ask them something what is
happening there
Although you understand Our Russia attacked But I
understand it yes
What do you think how it will all end
I am not a prophet honestly I will tell the time how
they say it will show
forecasts, but it’s better not to make any forecasts.
As you can see, let’s hope that
soon everything will return more or less
Peaceful way,
but in terms of the fact that, firstly, the war
will end, civilians will stop
dying from Ukraine, Russia, also
civilians can  to refer to them as soldiers
because they are also ordinary people, that
is, they die, but Ukrainians
die just like that, you can say
that they attack,
but you understand, there is also no understanding precisely
because of what everything is going on because,
roughly speaking, there are about several
theories in Russia from  -why it all started, but the first
thing is like the very first thing that if
Ukraine joined NATO, then America would
approach the borders of Ross  and closer it’s
like the first one, then the
information is learned that supposedly this is just a
political war
Well, that is, by the way, and most of the
wars were precisely related more to the
political side. What exactly because of the
need for something, it just turns out that the
Russians themselves don’t know why you  like their
country Yes, it’s a fact of this that
people don’t have fermentation from this type of power of the
question that they send people Well, that is, it
turns out, but you see, everyone has
such an idea that it’s exactly
that NATO will approach the borders with Russia
closer
now
now it turns out  as a result,
an oratorical instructor Yes, the technique is possible
simply if but if you are aware and they
are fighting for your side precisely with
any NATO specials Well, there America
Germany something like that Well, that is,
it’s the military from the outside, look,
as far as I understand, what we have  there is
full technical intelligence
support from NATO, yes, that is, satellites there
, we don’t have a plane of military Americans, that
is, we have our own ukraine  there are
some volunteer battalions in the
composition of several British there are people
from Central Asia there are people from Russia, even
free Russia is called well, their
number is very very small,
it’s impossible to say, it’s
just that there is also an opinion that in
Ukraine now the majority is fighting these are 24
countries that are members of NATO Well, rude  saying
Well, look, it’s all very simple,
then you would have captured Americans
before captured Germans where they always are. In
fact, you can take everything down to the fact that when
the shelling was carried out, various
most Ukrainian prisoners died or escaped,
you have American ones, it
doesn’t work out. You know, this is also twofold
no, because the Americans can
send forward not their own soldiers, as they like
to send for all the history of wars
,
yes Well, something like that Why then are they just
American military children,
but this is already unknown, it’s also like thinking,
you just know this lives, it doesn’t
seem to you like-  it
doesn’t seem a little funny because in all wars
which were carried out with the participation of America in
most cases, it was
like that, for example,
the same Syrian war, so Syria, the
Americans stood behind the city roads, yes, but in
Syria it was not theirs that went from their side
People, so to speak, where it’s not
interesting
yet, but I won’t tell you exactly for a discount
where else because I’m not interested
specifically in
military affairs, so to speak, they
were told by NATO that all the wars
that America waged, she fought like that.
They didn’t remember anything at all. But
because he again says that
I didn’t really fall in love with where they
fought And from  why did you go deep this
is how America always did it in all Wars
And now it turns out they didn’t go deep Well,
let’s say, but it was my
grammatical error, I also incorrectly
expressed my opinion about the war,
like how to cook America
Well, how do you answer how she fights I
personally haven’t seen how  she fights you
tell me how America will be like this
Tell us more of them I don’t understand I
suffocated from how you suffocated  how
will America be, I’ll ask how I don’t know
what it
can really be. I would tell people
tomorrow America came out dating.
the thought is in
buckwheat
detachments It’s interesting, but some Syrian mercenaries are fighting for you,
for example,
Iranian North Koreans are not fighting with us,
as according to me, also according to news reports,
these are Kadyrovtsy That is, it’s Russia itself,
but there are Wagners, but they
also relate
Well, relatively they are like  would be a
separate state Chechnya is a separate
state, but you can say this
because, firstly, they also have their own religion
, you also have any similar position.
But getting Chechnya is a separate
state,
in fact, it turns out that you
perceive it
in fact. It turns out that so, that is,
Russia is Chechnya  yes
Well, yes, it turns out that the
head Putin Putin decided to unite these two states,
but you can say
so  it’s interesting, but for example, what else
is there, for example, republics that, like
Chechnya, also help Russia there
Dagestan is a separate country
I didn’t say that it is a separate country
and said that it is a separate republic
dude who raised you suppress yacons already
seen Chechnya yes And you think the collapse of
Russia  it’s impossible
people in the Bryansk region, they don’t
associate Chechnya with Russia, yes, that is,
for them Chechnya is, in short, something like
where there are Kadyrovites like for Chechens,
Russia is just a field where you can
pull, yes, all this rests on
her personal Putin and Kadyrov will not become Putin
or everything will not fall like a
card